.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH dansguardian 8
.SH NAME
DansGuardian 2
.SH SYNOPSIS
/etc/rc.d/init.d/dansguardian [stop|start|status|restart]
.SH DESCRIPTION
A Introduction

DansGuardian is a web content filtering proxy(1) for Linux, NetBSD, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, and Solaris that uses Squid(2) to do all the fetching.
It filters using multiple methods. These methods include URL and domain filtering, content phrase filtering, PICS filtering, MIME filtering, file extension filtering, POST filtering.
The content phrase filtering will check for pages that contain profanities and phrases often associated with pornography and other undesirable content.  The POST filtering allows you to block or limit web upload.  The URL and domain filtering is able to handle huge lists and is significantly faster than squidGuard.
The filtering has configurable domain, user and source ip exception lists.  SSL Tunneling is supported.
The configurable logging produces a log in an easy to read format which has the option to only log the text-based pages, thus significantly reducing redundant information such as every image on a page.
DansGuardian is under continuous development and so it is best to visit the web site for the latest information.

(1) Technically DansGuardian is more of a filtering pass-through than a true proxy - but don't let that worry you!

(2) DansGuardian should work with any proxy, not just Squid. For example, it is known to work with Oops.

.SH SUPPORT
For all further information including copyright, support, FAQ, docs, mailing list - please go to:

http://dansguardian.org/
Mirror: http://dansguardian.intmain.com/
.SH COPYRIGHT
DansGuardian is copyright Daniel Barron 2001.

daniel@jadeb.com
